Description

Smart search for anything in all files types on the mobile phone. Result can be text files, images and clips. You don't need to look to all your images to find images that your child appear in it, all images contains river for example or clips that contains birthdate party seen


Description

My phone understands how I feel, and how my friends feel and give advice for better relationship or self-awareness.


Description

The application will be able to detect any object Length, Width, Height from mobile camera. This AI app will be able to detect different objects around a person, For example to know the measurement of a table,box etc just hold the app camera towards it and measurement will be displayed in screen.


Description

This will Learn from action of a person on phone or otherwise and will prompt the related near proximity users about the behavior which is expected out of this person.This will be usefull for Diplomats /Negotiaters /Management /HR /Boss / Husbands.


Description

The app (or lower level application) would analyze datasets and logs of the smartphone sensors and make predictions of the usage by the user. The predictions would load apps in RAM before use, clear some apps, do specific tasks all by predicting user behavior by the sensor data trained AI.



1. Search by contents(auto,video,text)


2. measurement


3. autneitcation

i4. automate behavior ,  


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Smart gallery:  
Android assistant  : 1. context aware tio play music  2. search image by semetic , search musi, 


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------




bout the AI Developer Contest

To enter the AI Developer Contest, describe in English and in 600 characters or less, what YOU would create with on-device mobile machine learning and artificial intelligence on a Snapdragon mobile platform. An optional photo may be included.

You have until October 13, 2017 to submit your entry. Throughout the contest all eligible entries will be posted on the webpage (developforai.com/submissions) for others to see. Entries will be judged based on creativity 25%, best potential use of the Snapdragon processing power 25%, and real-world application 50%.

Twenty (20) winners will be announced on October 20, 2017 and each will receive the prize of a Snapdragon 835 Mobile Hardware Development Kit. These 20 winners are eligible to compete for the grand prize trip for two to Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, by submitting an APK of their demo along with a supporting video bringing their idea to life, by no later than December 8, 2017.
